Okay, so let's work through
the solution to exercise 9A.
So if you're starting with the code
that exists in methods.go,
you'll see that we have our User
struct and our Group struct.
And then our describeUser function here.
So to quick pop that into a method,
I'm going to insert our User
struct as our receiver.
Cool.
And then I'm gonna copy
the same code from lines 20 and
21 in our describeUser function.
Pop it into our describe method,
which needs the method name describe.
And then for describeGroup.
We're going to change describeGroup to
be a method that takes a Group struct.
And here I'm gonna use a pointer.
And the difference here, and
this is kind of one of the examples
I was mentioning earlier.
Here we are wanting to modify
the actual state of that struct.
We wanna update whether or
not the space available is true or false.
So as a general rule, if you're gonna
be modifying that in a permanent way.
Using a pointer value allows
you to get at that memory and
actually change the values there.
So I'll use a pointer for group,
and it's returning a string.
I still want it to be called describe.
And then I'm gonna copy the code that
lives in our describeGroup function.
Place that into our describe method,
make sure it returns a string.
And then I'll go ahead and comment out.
I'm actually just gonna delete them,
delete the old functions for some,
clean up a little bit.
[COUGH] I was gonna delete describeUser.
Cool, so now we have two methods that
both take their respective structs.
One is a user, one is a group.
And then they still just print
out that string that describes
either of those things.
So we'll pop down here
to our main function,
we need to modify these two
functions which no longer work.
So we'll say, we can PrintLine
on group.describe.
And user, we'll say user1.describe,
I'll spell describe correctly.
Cool, save.
I don't have a user1 apparently,
just a U, so never mind.
We'll say u.subscribe.
Then if we go run section nine in
our code directory with methods,
you'll see that we're kinda back to
square one with just different syntax for
making those methods happen.
Those will also become a little bit more
apparent as we talk about interfaces.
But you'll notice that both of these
can have the same method name describe.
If I were to have made two functions
that were called described,
we would have gotten an error because Go
does name space where you can only have
one function name of
the same kind in a file.
So describe that takes a user,
and describe that takes
a group would have blown up.
So methods do allow you to
have the same function name.
And since this function or method is kind
of accomplishing the same goal of printing
out a description of whatever you pass in.
It's helpful and makes a lot more
sense to have the same function name.
It does the same thing,
just depends on what's being passed in.